! Cell Ontology definition changes
!
! Files used:
! file 1 (old): date unknown, cvs revision unknown
! file 2 (new): date unknown, cvs revision unknown

!
! Format of first line of each entry:
! Term ID : term name  ( total # annots / # direct annots)


CL:0000038 : erythroid progenitor cell   
OLD: A progenitor cell committed to the erythroid lineage. This cell is ter119-positive but lacks expression of other hematopoietic lineage markers (lin-negative).
NEW: A progenitor cell committed to the erythroid lineage.


CL:0000345 : dental papilla cell   
OLD: A small mass of condensed mesenchyme in the enamel organ; it differentiates into the dentin and dental pulp.
NEW: A mesenchymal cell that is part of a small mass of condensed mesenchyme in the enamel organ; it differentiates into the dentin and dental pulp.


CL:0000569 : cardiac mesenchymal cell   
OLD: A mesenchymal cell found in the developing heart.
NEW: A mesenchymal cell found in the developing heart and that develops into some part of the heart.  These cells derive from intra- and extra-cardiac sources, including the endocardium, epicardium, neural crest, and second heart field.


CL:0008011 : skeletal muscle satellite stem cell   
OLD: A skeletal muscle satellite cell that undergoes asymetric division - retaining its identity while budding off a daughter cell that differentiate into components of a skeletal muscle fiber.
NEW: A skeletal muscle satellite cell that divides by stem cell division.  A proportion of this population undergoes symmetric stem cell division, producing two skeletal muscle satellite stem cells. The rest undergo asymmetric stem cell division - retaining their identity while budding off a daughter cell that differentiates into an adult skeletal muscle myoblast.


CL:0008012 : quiescent skeletal muscle satellite cell   
OLD: A skeletal muscle satellite cell that is mitotically quiescent.  Satellite cells typically remain in this state until activated following muscle damage.
NEW: A skeletal muscle satellite cell that is mitotically quiescent.  These cells are wedge shaped and have a large nuclear to cytoplasmic ratio with few organelles, a small nucleus and condensed interphase chromatin. Satellite cells typically remain in this state until activated following muscle damage.


CL:0008017 : adult skeletal muscle myoblast   
(was skeletal muscle myoblast in skeletal muscle)
OLD: A skeletal muscle myoblast that is part of a skeletal mucle.  These cells are formed following acivation and division of skeletal muscle satellite cells. They form a transient population that is lost when they fuse as to form skeletal muscle fibers.
NEW: A skeletal muscle myoblast that is part of a skeletal mucle.  These cells are formed following acivation and division of skeletal muscle satellite cells. They form a transient population that is lost when they fuse to form skeletal muscle fibers.



